Amazing.
My name is Kohaku.
It seems I've taken quite a liking to you.
I don't like what I just heard.
We just met, and she's already in love?
In this state of emergency?
I didn't say anything about that!
I'm saying I like you as a person,
so I'll cooperate with you!
Oh, I appreciate that, then.
Nothing is as illogical or
trouble-prone as relationships.
What are you, a new species of
hominid that sleeps with a sword?
It's because you started
talking about relationships.
I like the way you live,
but I don't trust you yet.
I take care of myself,
and this habit is a result of that.
Don't take it personally.
I'm not enough of a hero to
assault a lioness willy-nilly.
Hurry up and get some sleep.
Lioness?!
I have feelings, too, you know!
You live like a gentleman, but your
foul mouth is of another dimension.
I think I might accidentally
kill you someday.
Then go to sleep before
you cause any accidents.
I don't want to get killed
twice in the same day.
You're fighting against that
long-haired man, aren't you?
I'll help you.
I can't just back down, either.
Yeah.
That's why I'm making a nation of science.
First of all, I need manpower.
So you want allies.
Then why don't you come with me?
You have more of your lion buddies, huh?
Yeah.
I'm sure they'll be dependable allies.
I know one man who'd be perfect.
Allow me to guide you, Senku.
Come with me.
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
How far have I walked?
Only the pain in my feet
Gives me a sense of the distance
The hope for a beautiful view
at the end of a long night
Is what keeps me going today
The mountains of the gods,
the palaces of green
The depths of the caves,
the ends of the deep blue sky
I'll go the full distance,
there are no limits
To the ends of the world
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
Rid away the impossibility of the dark
An odyssey turning mythology
into the everyday
In this painstaking journey,
turning over every stone
We'll expand our world
Where Two Million Years Have Gone
Hot water?
Yeah.
I take it home to make a hot spring bath.
For healing purposes.
You look like a ten billion
percent healthy kid to me.
What use does a lively lioness like
you have with any more healing?
I'm not a lioness!
And it's not for me! It's for my sister!
Honestly...
She's such a troublesome
nuisance of an older sister.
She's been especially sick lately.
If only I could swap her body with
my exceedingly healthy one...
That jar looks like a
little less than fifty liters.
It's not quite enough for a bath.
How many trips do you make
with that heavy-ass jar?
Every single day...
It's just part of my daily training.
I'm a lot stronger thanks to it, too.
I should be grateful to my nuisance sis—
You haven't fully recovered yet, have you?
I can't have you overexerting
yourself and dying on me.
Hand it over.
Senku...
You're the one overexerting yourself.
Is everyone other than me
in this stone world a gorilla?
Kohaku, Tsukasa, Taiju...
Gorilla?!
At least call me a lioness! That was better!
That's not the point here.
I'm impressed you built such
a useful thing so quickly.
It wasn't quick.
I managed to use the pulleys
from yesterday as wheels.
Civilization births civilization.
Applying developments
is the basis of science.
Turn right up there.
Not that right!
Look, Senku. There it is.
Welcome to my village.
How many people do you have here?
I don't remember how many
retirees and children there are,
but aside from them,
I think there are exactly forty.
Forty...
Kohaku and the rest of them
apparently don't know anything
about modern technology.
So this is a settlement of revived people.
Which means there must have
been a first generation.
For example, hundreds of years ago,
there might've been a
first-generation science man
like me who made revival fluid.
There's no sign of revival fluid or any kind
of science being passed down here, though.
Where did these people come from?
Don't be violent, Kinro, Ginro.
This man saved my life.
You can't do that, Kohaku-chan.
That's not good.
Outsiders aren't allowed here. That's a rule.
The chief's going to be angry with you.
It's a simple fact.
The rules are the rules.
There are no people outside the village.
All those outside are criminals
who were banished before.
Therefore, I can't let you in.
There's no room for consideration,
even if he may have saved your life.
Oh?
You leave me no choice, then.
Shall we fight here and now?
Oh, dear, it's two on one.
You clearly have an advantage.
You're so short-tempered.
And you make such a nasty face.
Sorcery!
What is this?
What are these suspicious floating orbs?
So that's the level you're at, huh?
I guess I'm taking all of this, then.
I'm going to get all forty of
you on my side with science.
This is exhilarating.
You make such a nasty face.
That's pretty sketchy, you know.
I can't stop them!
The more I stab, the more appear.
All right, then.
I'll have to use...
Special Technique:
Let Someone Else Handle It!
Hey, Chrome, it's sorcery!
Quit freaking out, Ginro.
I'm already here.
I saw these from the coast.
I'd be crazy not to come here right away.
Hey!
I'm Chrome.
I'm an insanely smart, genius sorcerer!
Looks like we won't have
to go find him, Senku.
This is the man I told you about yesterday.
A sorcerer, huh?
I'm Senku.
I'm a scientist.
Don't let him scare you with his
cheap sorcery, Ginro, Kinro.
You can make plenty of
this stuff from coal suds.
I wasn't scared.
You're a fool if you aren't
cautious of the unknown.
I was pretty scared.
Why are you here, Chrome?
I have no interest in relying on
your dubious, so-called "sorcery."
I don't care.
Do as you like.
But this is one thing
I'm not backing down on.
No one beats me in sorcery!
Don't get in my way, guys.
If we fight here, the villagers
could get caught up in it.
Let's move elsewhere.
A sorcery battle? What are they going to do?
They aren't going to burn
everything to a crisp, are they?!
Stop it! Nothing dangerous!
Don't get us caught up in it!
Check out my badass sorcery!
Rainbow Bridge!
Rainbow Bridge
I am the master of flames!
The fire turned yellow!
How?!
It changed again!
To greenish-blue?
Purple?!
Amazing. This is...
...sorcery.
Rainbow Bridge, my ass.
It's just a flame test reaction.
You just threw salt, copper,
and sulfur on it in that order.
What's the copper?
Copper sulfate or something?
I guess that doesn't help.
It's the blue crystals you picked
up in the caves, isn't it?
Oh, shit!
How the hell does he know
about the blue crystals?!
Is he reading my mind?
Is that his sorcery? Oh, shit!
Th-That's a thing?
Damn, nature, you're scary!
"Oh, no, I'm scared! I'm running away!"
was what I thought he'd say.
"I'm defeated. Please make me your apprentice,"
was the other thing he'd want.
I thought it would be one
or the other, but oh, man!
I was all worried that I
wouldn't know what to do
if he wanted to become my apprentice!
You'd better not be thinking that
these cheap tricks are
the only sorcery I've got!
I didn't say anything.
Just wait right there!
I'm going to show you something
that can actually be weaponized.
This one's legit, trust me!
He went to get something.
Is that why he wanted to relocate?
So he needed his tools.
Ouch!
What was that attack?!
A ball of sulfur, huh?
You put that sulfur you threw on
the fire earlier into a pot
and melt it down with heat.
Once it cools and hardens, you crack
the outer layer, and you're done.
That's a crazy way to
make one of these things.
A sulfur ball static generator.
It's supposed to be a 17th century invention.
You're exhilarating, Chrome, you know that?
Rubbing it with leather instead of your hands
will give you ten billion times more power.
This is my flag of science.
Oh, crap!
His head's all spiky!
It was spiky before, though.
How does that work?
Hey, give it back!
What is this, a kid's science experiment class?
Such primitive...
Chrome, did you think all this up by
yourself in this primitive village?
You gathered all these potentially useful
minerals and scientific materials
in that shed by yourself?
Yeah, that's right. That a problem?
Kids collect everything.
They smash things together,
mix them, burn them...
And if something crazy
happens, that's sorcery.
What else could it be?
Check it out, Tsukasa.
Even if you kill me, even if you kill
anyone, even if you reset science...
There's always an idiot who'll try anything,
and the shiny monkeys will inevitably
create a technological civilization.
Chrome, the way things are going,
you're ten billion percent one of the
people Tsukasa is going to kill.
Your only choice is to join
our kingdom of science.
Tsukasa? What are you talking about?
I'd love to have you and this entire
shed of science in our kingdom.
You're not getting it, jerk! Get down!
Damn it, I look stupid.
I can't back down now.
I challenge you to one last fight, then.
It's a duel!
If you lose, you'll grovel and
leave the village for good.
If you win, I'll give you
everything, shed and all.
Challenge?
I'll show you some insane sorcery.
I've never lost in my whole life.
Arithmetic!
Fight me in a battle of numbers!
I'm pretty sure Senku is
going to go undefeated.
Shed of Science
and Chrome
acquired!!
This is exhilarating!
How many years did it take you
to find all this stuff, dude?
See that? It's awesome, isn't it?
You may have wrecked me
in sorcery and arithme—
I mean, I was off my game today anyway...
But my collection is the best there is!
They're all just rocks.
Malachite! Chalanthite! Corundum!
That one's seriously tough.
I have no idea how they're different.
Why are you two getting
so excited about rocks?
Oh, man, galena!
Lead acquired!
That one's crazy shiny when you break it.
Nope.
I just can't understand the way they get
so spiritual about collecting rocks.
I used to collect bugs and stuff.
Now I can't even touch them.
They creep me out.
You even have cinnabar!
Have fun showing off your trophies.
I have to deliver the hot
springs to my sister.
Cinnabar.
Also known as the philosopher's stone.
It showed up in Dragon Quest, too.
Heat it up, and you get mercury.
There they go again with their weird sorcery.
Do as you like outside the village.
But take so much as one step
over this bridge, and I'll kill you.
Rules are rules.
Melt some gold dust into the mercury, and...
Don't inhale this smoke.
It'll kill you.
And now you have a shiny golden spear.
Oh, man!
What good will this sorcery do?
It's not good for jack.
But you're Kinro, aren't you?
So a golden sword. It's perfect for you.
I hope you aren't trying to
buy me off with this nonsense.
Nuts.
That won't work on Kinro.
All he ever says is that rules
are rules. He's super stiff.
That's right.
Rules are rules.
Kinro
Though I don't see the
need to remove it, either.
He just needs one more push!
A-Are there any silver spears?
You're like one of those people
who spend all their time
collecting materials in Monster Hunter.
Mon... Hun?
You have plants, too?
Felworts, sweetroot, canker root...
They're all used in traditional medicine.
They're all drugs.
Yeah.
I have no idea if they work or not, though.
I've been trying them on my own body
and collecting the ones that were good.
I'll collect anything if
it'll make Ruri better.
That's why I became a sorcerer.
I thank you for bringing me the
healing water of the hot springs
for my illness, Kohaku.
You weren't here yesterday.
Was something the matter?
I accidentally fell asleep along the way.
I spent the night in the forest.
"Accidentally"? Please...
You need to work on your carelessness.
Jasper, Turquoise, would you
mind leaving us for the moment?
I'd like to speak with Kohaku in private.
I can't do that, Ruri-sama.
We can't let the priestess be on her own.
Kohaku is my sister.
Please.
Kohaku, you idiot!
Your hair is knotted differently.
Something must have happened to you
that was grave enough for
your hair to come undone.
Ruri-nee!
Please don't do anything crazy.
I don't have much time left.
Don't put yourself at risk for me.
Senku, is there no sorcery
that can save Ruri?
No science?
It depends on her condition.
But in this stone world...
Chrome, I should tell you everything.
Everything that happened 3,700 years ago.
About the world before the collapse.
Why are you bawling all of a sudden?
What's up with your emotions?
I'm not crying!
Wait, damn it! I am!
Who caused the petrification?
If I ever see them, I'll kill them!
How could we lose this?
Our human predecessors
spent millions of years slowly building
this crazy, technological civilization,
and it got wiped out in the blink of an eye?!
I'm pissed as hell!
It's not wiped out, idiot.
The whole thing's right here.
Where?
Humanity isn't going down that easily.
Two million years of human history is
right here inside me.
And right here inside you.
Am I wrong?
You're not wrong.
Of course you're not.
Senku, I'm going to build this
nation of science with you.
And I'm going to defeat Ruri's sickness!
So tell me!
Didn't you say earlier
that there's a scientific way to save Ruri?!
Yeah.
We're making the ultimate
medicine of science...
The antibiotic.
Maybe I don't know what to do
Hurry up, my mind is on the moon
Flying up to where the wind blew
In my hands awakens
The passion overflowing
Just wandering through this world
Your one shining pure
Could never be pierced
with a rusty knife
I'm burning like a fire gone wild
The moment an arrow
shot through my heart
The noise plaguing me was released
Everything was different
from that moment on
If I don't try, I'll never know
Why do flowers bloom?
Your voice echoes
Tell me why?
I just shouted to the sky
But you are no no no longer here,
that's right?
The life we confirmed that day
You can call it a fleeting
dream if you want
But I'll save you from a wounded today
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.